we are all living in this world for quite some time. We know that we spent a lot of time observing the world we are currently living in. There are environmental changes because of mass production of Carbon Dioxide. It affects not only our health but also the natural other natural living things in this world. There are a lot of problems each nations are currently facing and yes we are just one of them. there are also unwritten rules that we are currently encountering in our daily lives. Rules that binded us to be different from the other. Unseen foundation that elevates one from the other. Some considered it normal and the other considered it injustice and unequal. Everyday of our lives we encounter this thing and everyday we ignored it or considered is as a culture or a norm. But for the other people they call this inequality. 
There are lots of inequality in this world especially among the wealthy and the needy. But we know that, it is just one of the many things that we are currently facing and encountering. There are a lot of things and a lot of problems in this world. We know that most of it are just one of the many possibilities and definition of life. Right now we are the one of the many definition of life and we are unique from each other. But we are always classified by our gender, We are classified as male or female.
Man and woman has always been together for many ages. and Living together is already a normal thing. Yet people keeps telling that there are always inequalities between the two. People argue that there is something missing or something is not right. We want people to think that we are equal and we can do what they can do. We want to show that with enough understanding we can live in peace and consider one's opinion. 
Discrimination and Biased Opinion are some of the reason of inequalities and injustice. There are also times that one side become more agressive that's why there voices were never heard. So what can we do, so each side can understand each other without offending both sides so that we can equally understand and give advice for one another. Equality is what we've been wishing for a very long time but because of unexpected personalities, culture, beliefs, and other obstacle, we can't make an agreement and hug each other to recognize each sides appreciating and have an equal term.
An example of having an Equal term to understand each other:
1. Open yourself, that everyone has the same value despite of having some differences on physical appearance.
2. Stop looking on one side and start listening to others.
3. Listen to their experiences and stories.