In some countries men and women are viewed differently, believing that men are more important because they are stronger and there are things they think only men can do.
well it all started ages ago where men are the one handles most of the jobs and responsibility, goes hunting to provide food for their family, and do the hard jobs that requires physical strength.
but all those things are in the past. Now we do different things for a living, now its not just men who are working to support the family. So why are they discriminated? We are not the in those primitive times anymore 
we have Developed and Advanced in every fields, but why are those traits still with us? why are we still carrying those. I think its time to move on, because women also deserve to be treated equally.

But dont get carried away because its not all about women, their are times too that men are not treated equally. 
For example: The issue about a guy who didnt give his seat to the woman standing infront of him in the MRT, the girl was pissed and took a picture of him and posted it in the social networking site FACEBOOK, Bashing the guy
             telling that he is not a man because he didnt let her sit, what the girl didnt know is that the guy has just got off from work and he is really exhausted so that he took a nap at the MRT and didnt notice the girl in front of him. 
             but in the first place if we want to be treated equally why use the gender as an advantage, some women are telling they want to be treated equally but sometimes they are contradicting the meaning of Gender Equality.

Its good to know that now in some countries they really treat men and women eqally and here are the list of some of the best countries for attitudes towards gender equality

Sweden    - they have high employment rate for women and they also split the responsibility on taking care of their children, and both men and women are entitled to 480 days of parental leave.

Finland   - women in finland were the first in the world to have the right to vote and to stand as a candidate in elections.

Denmark   - they believe that women and men are equally intelligent one of the reason why they treat both genders equally.

Norway    - Norway is considered to be one of the most gender equal countries in the world, with paternity leave introduced in 1993 as a successful equality policy measure to change attitudes towards women.
            No Norwegian government has been formed with less than 40% women since the 1980s.
France    - In 2014, France introduced sweeping gender equality laws that eased restrictions on abortion,
            encouraged fathers to take paternity leave and promoted gender parity at home.

Britain   -For all its flaws, larger numbers of women are entering the workplace than ever before.
           But despite the Equal Pay Act being introduced 45 years ago, women still earn less than men in Britain today – so there is still some way to go.

Germany   -Germany is leading the way in bridging the gender gap in science. Over the five years from 2010, 
           the number of female researchers has risen more rapidly than the number of men, increasing by 25%.

China     - Chinese people are more likely to prefer a female boss than respondents in Indonesia or Malaysia. Around 60% of respondents in China disagreed that "a wife's first role is to look after her husband"
